hey guys tom with buy me an iphone calm
back after today and as you can see
we're doing an app review and as i
promised in my eyes i review of the I
Phi geo wireless card we are going to
review the I Phi app that accompanies it
so this app is free in the App Store but
I must tell you guys this is designed to
go along with your I fight card so if
you don't have an eye-fi card this isn't
going to be much use to you because you
need to sign in with your I Phi username
and password ok so I just want to let
you guys know if you download this and
you don't have an eye-fi card or an i5
manager account you're not going to be
able to use this application but it is
free in the App Store and what it's
designed to do is like I said accompany
your I Phi card so what to do let's open
up the app and as you can see in my
settings you put in your email address
with that associated with your I Phi
account and your password and then you
can configure web share so I have to
configure to my mobileme and i also have
a configure to my local destination
which is my desktop so when i upload
pictures through the I Phi not only is
it going to send it to my mobileme
gallery but it's also going to send it
to my iphoto on my desktop so that's the
Settings tab there here we have our
uploader tab so here are all the
pictures from my photo roll and here we
go I've got three pictures from my
morning at the DMV the other day so
there's the uploader button and here is
the web share history so here are some
of the pictures that i sent to mobile me
and to my local computer and these are
from our weekend in Santa Cruz and in
gilroy gardens so as you can see
September second 127 and 12 seconds am
mobileme local computer okay so let's
kind of show you how it works ok so
we're logged into our I 5 manager or
into our I Phi account
and we've taken some pictures that we
want to upload to mobileme and to our I
photo on our local destination so our
local machine so I want to choose my
three pictures that I took at the DMV
the other day so I simply check those
three pictures and I hit upload and as
you can see those three pictures are
uploading now right now it's using my
Wi-Fi connection because I am at home
but it will use the 3g network and there
we go with number two number two is
processing and there is number three so
number three is processing okay and then
once it's done it gives you a little
vibration so then if you go to the web
share history guys you'll see that there
are my three pictures that i uploaded
it's as simple as that so let's go to my
mobileme gallery I do have my mobileme
gallery here on my iPhone so I have a
kind of bookmarked so we're going to log
into my mobileme gallery and there we go
guys here is it will name it 94 2009by i
phi and there are my three pictures that
I took at the Department of Motor
Vehicles the other day as you can see it
was quite a long line and it will also
be synced to your iPhoto which is really
cool so not only is it synced to your
mobileme but it'll be synced to your
iPhoto as well so guys that is the I Phi
application I think it's a pretty cool
app it's a great add-on to your I fight
card it really makes your I fight card a
really good value especially when you
can upload
to multiple locations from your iPhone
so again guys that's the I Phi app okay
again it's free in the App Store it is
designed to accompany your i phi card
and your i phi account so if you don't
have an eye-fi card or an eye-fi account
okay this isn't gonna be much used to
you but other than that I really love it
and it's been working great for me so
this is tom from buy me an iphone com
thanks for watching remember follow us
on Twitter its twitter.com / buy me an
iphone and you can follow me personally
on twitter it's twitter.com / nerf
squeezer that's n.e RF squeezer so guys
have a great day and we'll talk to you
soon
you